Alright — here’s an SEO landing page template you can use for FL-100 and then clone for every other California court form in your dropdown.

If you follow this exactly, it’ll hit the main search terms and naturally funnel visitors into using your tool.

SEO Landing Page Template — FL-100 Petition
(Replace FL-100 references with any other form name for future pages.)

📌 URL:

bash
Copy
Edit
/california-fl-100-petition
📌 Page Title (for Google):

Copy
Edit
FL-100 California Petition — Fill Online & Download Instantly
📌 Meta Description:

arduino
Copy
Edit
Complete your California FL-100 Petition for Dissolution or Legal Separation online in minutes. No lawyer needed. Fill, download, and print instantly.
Page Content (H1–H4, body text)

H1:

css
Copy
Edit
FL-100 California Petition — Divorce & Legal Separation Form
Intro paragraph: (50–80 words)

The FL-100 Petition is the California court form you need to start a divorce, legal separation, or annulment. This page explains what the FL-100 is, when you need it, and how you can complete it online quickly. At the bottom, you can fill it in instantly using our secure form-filler tool — no legal experience required.

H2: What is the FL-100 Form?

The FL-100 Petition is issued by the Judicial Council of California. It begins the legal process for:

Dissolution of Marriage (Divorce)

Legal Separation

Nullity (Annulment) of Marriage or Domestic Partnership

This form includes information about you, your spouse, your marriage, and what you’re requesting from the court.

H2: When to Use FL-100

You’ll need to file FL-100 if:

You’ve lived in California for at least 6 months (and your county for 3 months).

You’re starting a divorce or legal separation in California.

You want to request orders on property division, custody, or spousal support.

H2: How to Fill FL-100 in California
H3: Step 1 — Gather Your Information

You’ll need:

Full legal names, addresses, and dates of birth.

Marriage date and location.

Grounds for divorce or separation.

Details on minor children (if applicable).

H3: Step 2 — Complete the Form

Normally, you can print and handwrite FL-100 or type into a PDF.
With our online form-filler, you answer simple questions, and the system fills in FL-100 automatically.

H3: Step 3 — File With the Court

Print, sign, and file the completed form at your county Superior Court.

H2: Fill Out FL-100 Instantly Online

Use our secure online tool below. It:

Walks you through each question in plain English.

Auto-fills the official FL-100 PDF.

Lets you download a ready-to-file copy instantly.

[Button] Start Filling FL-100 Now → (link to your form-filler tool)

H2: Common Questions About FL-100
H3: Do I need a lawyer to file FL-100?

No, you can file it yourself. Our tool helps you prepare it without legal advice.

H3: How much is the filing fee?

Filing fees vary by county but are typically around $435.

H3: Where do I file FL-100?

At the Superior Court in the county where you or your spouse lives.

Footer Section: (small font)

Disclaimer: This site is not a law firm and does not provide legal advice. We provide self-help document preparation software.

Why this works for SEO:
Exact form name in H1, title, meta, URL.

Explains what it is, when to use, how to complete — Google sees this as relevant & authoritative.

Internal link from this page to the tool makes conversions seamless.

Can be cloned for FL-200, DE-111, SC-100, etc. with only small edits.